alright let's see here do you want to
remember how to do this I know it's been
a while I apologize for that right off
the bat I've had a lot going on recently
just personally and kind of worth work
as well if you don't follow my Instagram
you didn't see it but I ended up getting
the new bike end up getting a 2014 are
one turned in the CBR for got a pretty
penny for so I was happy and didn't know
it to lot it didn't end up owing a whole
lot on the are one in the long run so
so I figured why not and here we are got
a couple things left to do to it and
waiting on some levers to get here they
could be here today or tomorrow and
waiting until Friday to get some block
off plates
for these mirrors
once i do that the only thing I have
left to do is get a new exhaust it's
still got the stock one on there right
now what I figured I'd save up for the
exact one I want rather than put a slip
on on there and then also the exhaust I
want so
it's been a little hectic
went up to organ for a little bit up to
Portland
I got the chance actually to go over to
the icon headquarters and talk to a few
guys over there they were pretty cool
got to see some of the products before
they were released
hold that thought
but he ended up going to organ to see
some of the
the missus side of the family
and ended up going up to Mount st.
Helens for a few days time to just
travel down the coast saw a bunch of
things went to some local breweries
around there and some local vineyards
overall I'd have to say it was a very
good time not exactly what I expected
from organ but
anyways the I also wanted to talk about
a couple things are going on for our
community right now motive logging in
general
if you guys aren't aware
yummy and mrs. yummy ended up losing
their nice to prolonged battle with bone
cancer he does have some stickers going
out right now
all the profits that are made from the
stickers are going directly to the
funeral funds for his sister
it's a shitty situation to be in but I
think he's doing the best he can and
props to him for getting that video out
I know it had to be hard
yummy if you see this man we love you
we're here for you
always know that
another side note is right now it looks
like a lot of bloggers are losing their
channels or interacting with people I
guess for being able to be friends and
like that and not a page
which really kind of sucks in my opinion
well I also understand that it's in the
terms of service for you to
ultimately we are breaking it so not a
whole lot we can do there so if you see
your friendly motovloggers disappearing
that's why now it's just a page so go
search for I will do a video walk round
of the bike just to give you a tour of
it of what I've done what I haven't done
what I plan to do and all right love you
guys be careful be safe and uh
always know we're always here for
everybody don't behave that for help
deuces